PREREQUISITES
--------------
-table_1.sql must be loaded onto the database before loading the site
-login username,password and hostname for the mysql database is located in the databaselogin.php file
-I did not get the chance to test the website on Linux, whole development process took place on Xampp server


SITE SUMMARY
------------

Home page -> The 3 dinosaur periods can be hovered over.On mouse hover, jquery is used to change the opacity of the text info 
	     to make it appear. When the mouse cursor leaves, the text info fades back to 0 opacity.
	  -> The side bar has 3 main aspects:
		a) Interesting dinosaurs -> chooses a random number and picks a random dinosaur from th database, displaying
					    the picture and name of the dinosaur. The name is dynamically linked to the 
					    dinosaur's respective page.
		b) Current Top List -> lists the top 10 voted dinosaurs from the database(more on that later)
		c) Links -> Just some links

Introduction page -> nothing much

Top 20 page -> Lists the top 20 voted dinosaurs from the database along with number of votes and links to respective dinosaurs

Encyclopedia page -> Sorts dinosaurs from the database based on selected sorting

Timeline -> Just a picture

Individual dinosaur pages -> I coded a single php file which can be used dynamically. The code reads the file name and
				searches the database for that dinosaur based on the file name. All 330 php files in the
				folder are identical except for their file names. The individual dinosaurs can be voted by
				clicking the white star. Upon clicking the star, the database is updated in real time 
				using jquery. The bonus info category cannot be viewed unless the dinosaur is voted.
				The selecting of different dinosaur information is done using javascript. Finally, the 
				similar dinosaurs is a search of the database based on the individual dinosaur's similar
				diet, size range of -2.5 to 2.5 m of the dinosaur's size, and similar time period. All links
				are functional as well. All these is achieved using the file name as a reference. Eg: 1.php,2.php

A lot of time, work and effort has been put into this website. So eventhough it remains untested on the LAMP server, I hope
that not too many marks are deducted if certain functionalities of the site does not work. Thank you! :) 